com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/AnimalDetailBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.AnimalDetailBinding
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/ExpanditemBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.ExpanditemBindingImpl
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/ListPageFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.ListPageFragmentBinding
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.BuildConfig
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/ExpandrecyclewBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.ExpandrecyclewBinding
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/MainDetailFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.MainDetailFragmentBinding
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/GoogleMapFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.GoogleMapFragmentBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/AllAreaNavigationBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.AllAreaNavigationBinding
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/ExpanditemBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.ExpanditemBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/DepartmentDetailBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.DepartmentDetailBinding
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/DepartmentDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.DepartmentDetailBindingImpl
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/WebviewActivityBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.WebviewActivityBindingImpl
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/HomeFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.HomeFragmentBinding
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/PlantDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.PlantDetailBindingImpl
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/AnimalDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.AnimalDetailBindingImpl
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/ListviewpagerBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.ListviewpagerBinding
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/WebviewActivityBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.WebviewActivityBinding
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/ExpandrecyclewBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.ExpandrecyclewBindingImpl
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/GoogleMapFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.GoogleMapFragmentBinding
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/AllAreaNavigationBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.AllAreaNavigationBindingImpl
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/HomeFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.HomeFragmentBindingImpl
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/DetailBelowPartBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.DetailBelowPartBinding
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/room/ViewPagerListDataDao_Impl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.room.ViewPagerListDataDao_Impl
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.room.ViewPagerListDataDao_Impl$1
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/ListviewpagerBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.ListviewpagerBindingImpl
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/room/UserDao_Impl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.room.UserDao_Impl
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.room.UserDao_Impl$1
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/DetailBelowPartBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.DetailBelowPartBindingImpl
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/PlantDetailBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.PlantDetailBinding
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/MainDetailFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.MainDetailFragmentBindingImpl
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/ToolbarLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.ToolbarLayoutBinding
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/ListPageFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.ListPageFragmentBindingImpl
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/DepartmentSelectpageFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.DepartmentSelectpageFragmentBinding
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/BR.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.BR
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/room/AppDataBase_Impl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.room.AppDataBase_Impl
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.room.AppDataBase_Impl$1
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/ToolbarLayoutBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.ToolbarLayoutBindingImpl
com/example/newtaipeizookotlin/databinding/DepartmentSelectpageFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.newtaipeizookotlin.databinding.DepartmentSelectpageFragmentBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
